Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? The client was a driving school called DriverPass. They wanted a system where students could take practice tests online and on the road driving lessons to be able to pass their driving tests on the first try.
What did you do particularly well? I think I analyzed the client's requirements and put them into use cases particularly well. I covered the different requirements they had to make the system work as intended.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I would definitely revise my diagrams. I have had a hard time figuring out how to use Lucidchart and make the diagrams look the way they should. More practice will help me to improve them.
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? I read through the interview notes and made my own notes while doing so. I thought about how a user would accomplish each item on the list and then went through the notes I had taken during the course to figure out how to implement these into the system to work for the users.
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system? For me, reading through everything thoroughly and taking notes to rely on helps me with designing software. I am still fairly new to this, and I am learning more as I go along. So, right now I don't have any new strategies for the future, just to keep doing things the way I have been.
